Documentation on Operational Factors and Data Models (#7374)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/Books/Manual/ReleaseNotes/NewFeatures34.md

Another positive side effect of turning off the escaping is that it will slightly
reduce the CPU overhead for logging. However, this will only be noticable when the
logging is set to a very verbose level (e.g. log levels debug or trace).

### Active Failover

The _Active Failover_ mode is now officially supported for multiple slaves.

Additionally you can now send read-only requests to followers, so you can use them for read scaling. 
To make sure only requests that are intended for this use-case are served by the follower you need

> to add the X-Arango-Allow-Dirty-Read: true` header. 

Reviewer: It's HTTP right?
```suggestion
to add a `X-Arango-Allow-Dirty-Read: true` HTTP header. 
```
